Welcome to the podcast for Pradido Bay Mess at this church.
My name is Dudley.
Today is Monday, March 23rd.
And we are reading Matthew 27, verses one through 14.
When morning came, all the chief priests and the elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death.
and they bound him and led him away and delivered him over to pilot the governor.
Then when Judas, his betrayer, saw that Jesus was condemned, he changed his mind and brought back the 30 pieces of silver to the chief priests and the elders, saying, I have sinned by betraying innocent blood.
They said, what is that to us?
See to it yourself.
and throwing down the pieces of silver into the temple.
He departed and he went and hanged himself.
But the chief priests taking the pieces of silver said, it is not lawful to put them into the treasury since it is blood money.
So they took counsel and bought with them the potter's field as a burial place for strangers.
Therefore that field has been called the field of blood to this day.
Then was fulfilled what had been spoken by the prophet Jeremiah saying, and they took the 30 pieces of silver, the pieces of him on whom a price had been set by some of the sons of Israel.
And they gave them for the potter's field as the Lord directed me.
Now Jesus stood before the governor and the governor asked him, are you the king of the Jews?
Jesus said, you have said so.
But when he was accused by the chief priests and the elders, he gave no answer.
Then Pilate said to him, do you not hear how many things they testify against you?
But he gave him no answer, not even to a single charge, so that the governor was greatly amazed.
So as we go through this time of the
the payment and Judas regretting and trying to undo what he'd done in his own power and trying to go to someone other than Jesus to undo what he had done.
But they had no power nor any desire to help or to release Jesus.
Now we know that it was prophesied that Jesus would die for our sins and through the death, the burial, the resurrection.
through the power of his blood that we are set free.
So it was going to take place.
There was going to be a sacrifice by the only one whose sacrifice could release us and set us free.
But just on this basic level, I want to encourage you that if you've ever done something and you wish you could undo it, learn a lesson from Judas, you don't go to someone who cannot help you.
You don't go to someone who has no power.
He tried to make payment for himself.
He tried to return the silver.
Couldn't do it.
He wanted to go to the Jewish leaders and to undo what he'd done.
He couldn't do it.
But we know that if we have sinned, when we have done wrong, when we have done something that we cannot undo ourselves, that we always can go to Jesus.
we always can come before Him and we can confess and we can repent, we can apologize, we can pray.
And Jesus, because of the sacrifice, sets us free and we are free to live that beautiful and wonderful life in Christ.
He's said that I have come so that they can have abundant life.
so that they can have a better life than what sin provides.
Sin is just a dead end street.
Sin is a place that leads to destruction.
But Jesus has come and changed everything.
He never sinned, never did anything wrong.
And yet here he is, standing trial, wrongly accused.
You know what?
Sometimes when you follow Jesus,
People are going to think they have you figured out and you might even be wrongly accused.
But when that happens, we're in good company.
We're in the best company ever because Jesus was wrongly accused and did not sin.
He did what he was supposed to do.
He lived the life that the Father sent him here to live.
And we have that same option, as we follow Jesus, as we are transformed by His Word and by His Spirit, we are able to live the kind of life that God would have us live, the kind of life that makes a difference for all of eternity.
Today, as you spend time in prayer, ask God to help us all, to help our church, to help us individually, to be the people that God has called us to be.
You know, there's a scripture that says once you were not a people, but now you're the people of God.
Have a blessed day.